docs: refactor pages and rewrite installation (#1014)
aneoconsulting/ArmoniK: .docs/content/1.installation/1.linux/1.installation.md

# Installation

Now that prerequisites are installed, you can install ArmoniK. In order to do that, we provide a script to deploy all the infrastructure in one command.

## Setup environment variables

Before running the script, you must set environment variables.

From the root of the repository:

```bash
cd infrastructure/quick-deploy/localhost
```

Then, you can set environment variables in the file `envvars.sh`:

```bash
source envvars.sh
```

::alert{type="info"}
Please, read the file `envvars.sh` before running it.
::

## Deploy

Create data directory:

```bash
mkdir -p "${ARMONIK_SHARED_HOST_PATH}"
```

::alert{type="danger"}
If you don't create the data directory, the deployment will failed when the compute plane will try to mount the shared directory.
::

::alert{type="info"}

> You understand why your pod don't start using `kubectl describe pod <pod_name> -n armonik`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find why your pod doesn't start using `kubectl describe pod <pod_name> -n armonik`.
```

::

## Destroy

To destroy all the infrastructure, you can run the following command:

```bash
make destroy-all
```

::alert{type="warning"}
To reinstall, you must restart from [setup environment variables](#setup-environment-variables).
::

You can also destroy each resource independently:

```bash
make destroy-armonik
```

```bash
make destroy-monitoring
```

```bash
make destroy-storage
```

```bash
make destroy-metrics-server
```

```bash
make destroy-keda
```

::alert{type="info"}
The order matters. You must destroy the resources in the reverse order of the deployment.
::

## Clean

To clean all the generated files from the deployment, you can run the following command:

```bash
make clean-all
```

::alert{type="warning"}
To reinstall, you must restart from [setup environment variables](#setup-environment-variables).
::

You can also clean each resource independently:

```bash
make clean-armonik
```

```bash
make clean-monitoring
```

```bash
make clean-storage
```

```bash
make clean-metrics-server
```

```bash
make clean-keda
```

::alert{type="info"}
The order matters. You must clean the resources in the reverse order of the deployment.

> ::

Reviewer: Would it be useful to talk about the all-in-one deployment ? @lemaitre-aneo

Author: Yes, a section about this all in one could be a great idea! (currently, I don't know what does it mean)
